<DOC>
<TEXT>
An NYU freshman has confessed to throwing a computer monitor out
of her ninth floor window two weeks ago, narrowly missing a night
watchman next door.

Jennifer Ottomeyer, a College of Arts and Science freshman, said
she was intoxicated when she threw the monitor out of her room in
the Rubin Residence Hall at 11:15 pm on February 1.

"We were all very, very drunk," she said.  "I didn't know there
was a window down below, or that it was possible for a person to
be anywhere in the vicinity."

The monitor smashed through a basement skylight at 39 Fifth Ave.
The skylight is over the building's employee bathroom.  A night
watchman was standing just outside the door of the restroom when
the monitor crashed through the skylight, according to the
building doorman who wished to remain anonymous.

The doorman noted that the incident could have been serious, had
the night watchman been in the bathroom.

"If he was inside he would have been hurt," he said.

The toilet and sink in the bathroom were almost directly under
the skylight.

"It's hard to imagine an action more thoughtless and sophomoric
than throwing something heavy out the window of your room,'
University Spokesman John Beckman said.  "I grew up in Manhattan
and I think I was taught not to throw things out the window by the
time I was two and a half.  It's egregious, inexcusable, and
juvenile."

Ottomeyer, a religious studies major, planned to take a leave of
absence from NYU for academic reasons.  Although she remains in
her room, University officials have told her that she would be
banned from NYU housing, Ottomeyer said.

"It would be reasonable to say in general that the tossing of
materials out the window, particularly heavy electronic components,
is a sure path to expulsion from housing,"  Beckman said.
"Moreover, any damage caused by such an episode would be assessed
to that individual."

After housing officials determined the computer had been thrown
from Ottomeyer's window, they told her that she could either claim
responsibility for the incident or face police action.  Ottomeyer
opted to avoid the possibility of police intervention and confessed.

"They were like, 'Hey, fess up or the police will get involved,'"
she said.  "I was taking a leave of absence anyway."

Ottomeyer said she was frustrated with the computer because "it was
old and it didn't work."

She said she thought throwing the monitor out the window would be
entertaining.

"I figured no one is ever down there, and it would be cool to see
a computer monitor hit the ground from nine floors up," she said.
</TEXT>
</DOC>